Add advice for upgrading between major postgres versions to documentation (#18445)
element-hq/synapse: docs/postgres.md

    keepalives_count: 3
```

## Postgresql major version upgrades

> Postgres uses seperate directories for database location between major versions (eg. ../data16/ or ../data17).
> 
> Therefore, it is recommended to stop synapse and other services (MAS, etc) before upgrading Postgres major versions. You may also need to TRUNCATE e2e_one_time_keys_json (Refer too Backups section below)
> 
> Don't forget to [back up](./usage/administration/backups.md#database) your database!

Reviewer: A few tweaks, but on the whole this is very useful advice. Thanks for adding it!

```suggestion
Postgres uses separate directories for database locations between major versions (typically `/var/lib/postgresql/<version>/main`).

Therefore, it is recommended to stop Synapse and other services (MAS, etc) before upgrading Postgres major versions.

It is also strongly recommended to [back up](./usage/administration/backups.md#database) your database beforehand to ensure no data loss arising from a failed upgrade.
```
